docs/_help/capture-devices.md, before:

---
layout: help
title: Supported Video Capture Devices
# description: 
# subtitle: 
featured_image: /images/social.jpg
permalink: /help/capture-devices
redirect_from: /capture-devices
tag: video capture
comments: true
---

SimpleSportsCaster supports USB Video Class (UVC) web cams and capture devices. DirectShow capture devices are not supported.

Please leave a comment at the bottom of this page if you know of other devices that work (or don't work) with SimpleSportsCaster and we will update the table. Thank you! 

Disclaimer: As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases via the Amazon links below.

| Device | Supported? | Notes | Amazon |
|--------|------------|-------|--------|
| [AJA U-TAP HDMI](https://www.aja.com/products/u-tap-hdmi) | yes | Up to 1080p60. Great device! See [additional notes](#aja-u-tap-hdmi). | <a href="https://www.amazon.com/U-TAP-HDMI-Simple-Powered-Capture/dp/B01LXKKT0E/ref=as_li_ss_il?crid=2GMH919RBCQZ4&keywords=aja+u-tap+hdmi&qid=1566536007&s=electronics&sprefix=AJA+U,electronics,188&sr=1-3&linkCode=li1&tag=zofwarellc-20&linkId=280f0e54a9290c2ae081136671fad7d9&language=en_US" target="_blank"><img border="0" src="//ws-na.amazon-adsystem.com/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=B01LXKKT0E&Format=_SL110_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=US&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=zofwarellc-20&language=en_US" ></a><img src="https://ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/ir?t=zofwarellc-20&language=en_US&l=li1&o=1&a=B01LXKKT0E" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" /> |
| [AVerMedia ExtremeCap U3](https://www.avermedia.com/us/product-detail/CV710) | no | DirectShow device |  |
| [Elgato Cam Link 4k](https://www.elgato.com/en/gaming/cam-link-4k) | yes | Up to 2160p30 or 1080p60. | <a href="https://www.amazon.com/Elgato-Cam-Link-Broadcast-Camcorder/dp/B07K3FN5MR/ref=as_li_ss_il?crid=2IS7UM8O8LRKC&keywords=elgato+camlink+4k&qid=1566536551&s=electronics&sprefix=elgato+camlink,electronics,187&sr=1-1&linkCode=li1&tag=zofwarellc-20&linkId=1564a0651391301ac03f34efd942fa4f&language=en_US" target="_blank"><img border="0" src="//ws-na.amazon-adsystem.com/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=B07K3FN5MR&Format=_SL110_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=US&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=zofwarellc-20&language=en_US" ></a><img src="https://ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/ir?t=zofwarellc-20&language=en_US&l=li1&o=1&a=B07K3FN5MR" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" /> |
| [Elgato HD60 S](https://www.elgato.com/en/gaming/game-capture-hd60-s) | no | Not a UVC device | <a href="https://www.amazon.com/Elgato-Game-Capture-HD60-PlayStation/dp/B01DRWCOGA/ref=as_li_ss_il?keywords=elgato+hd60s&qid=1566537167&s=electronics&sr=1-1&linkCode=li1&tag=zofwarellc-20&linkId=1ffb262e70a31222de6e3248fc15e2a5&language=en_US" target="_blank"><img border="0" src="//ws-na.amazon-adsystem.com/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=B01DRWCOGA&Format=_SL110_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=US&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=zofwarellc-20&language=en_US" ></a><img src="https://ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/ir?t=zofwarellc-20&language=en_US&l=li1&o=1&a=B01DRWCOGA" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" /> |
| [MiraBox HSV321](https://amzn.to/2ZmYvma) | yes | Up to 1080p60. | <a href="https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07C6KCBYB/ref=as_li_ss_il?th=1&linkCode=li2&tag=&linkId=faca02aaab73fd9705d3dea3299a18c5&language=en_US" target="_blank"><img border="0" src="//ws-na.amazon-adsystem.com/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=B07C6KCBYB&Format=_SL160_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=US&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=&language=en_US" ></a><img src="https://ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/ir?t=&language=en_US&l=li2&o=1&a=B07C6KCBYB" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" /> |
| [MiraBox HSV323](https://amzn.to/2HkKTOj) | yes | Up to 2160p30 or 1080p60. Also rebranded by [ShuOne](https://amzn.to/2HjFSW2). See [additional notes](#shuone-hsv323). | <a href="https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07MGPVX83/ref=as_li_ss_il?th=1&linkCode=li1&tag=&linkId=9f3a050d1be62f62e04f2c324b32c6ed&language=en_US" target="_blank"><img border="0" src="//ws-na.amazon-adsystem.com/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=B07MGPVX83&Format=_SL110_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=US&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=&language=en_US" ></a><img src="https://ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/ir?t=&language=en_US&l=li1&o=1&a=B07MGPVX83" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" /> |

## Additional Notes

### AJA U-TAP HDMI
* This device supports a huge number of resolutions and frame rates up to 1080p60.
* It can scale video from your camera to a different resolution before sending it to your computer.
* Very reliable.

### ShuOne HSV323
* Might have problems with audio/vidio sync with cameras that output 59.94 frames per second. This might also be bug in SimpleSportsCaster but more investigation is necessary.
* In limited testing had trouble with dropped frames but, again, more investigation is necessary.

<br/>

Commit message:

Change wording of Amazon Associates disclaimer

docs/_help/capture-devices.md, after:

---
layout: help
title: Supported Video Capture Devices
# description: 
# subtitle: 
featured_image: /images/social.jpg
permalink: /help/capture-devices
redirect_from: /capture-devices
tag: video capture
comments: true
---

SimpleSportsCaster supports USB Video Class (UVC) web cams and capture devices. DirectShow capture devices are not supported.

Please leave a comment at the bottom of this page if you know of other devices that work (or don't work) with SimpleSportsCaster and we will update the table. Thank you! 

Note: As an Amazon Associate this web site earns from qualifying purchases.

| Device | Supported? | Notes | Amazon |
|--------|------------|-------|--------|
| [AJA U-TAP HDMI](https://www.aja.com/products/u-tap-hdmi) | yes | Up to 1080p60. Great device! See [additional notes](#aja-u-tap-hdmi). | <a href="https://www.amazon.com/U-TAP-HDMI-Simple-Powered-Capture/dp/B01LXKKT0E/ref=as_li_ss_il?crid=2GMH919RBCQZ4&keywords=aja+u-tap+hdmi&qid=1566536007&s=electronics&sprefix=AJA+U,electronics,188&sr=1-3&linkCode=li1&tag=zofwarellc-20&linkId=280f0e54a9290c2ae081136671fad7d9&language=en_US" target="_blank"><img border="0" src="//ws-na.amazon-adsystem.com/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=B01LXKKT0E&Format=_SL110_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=US&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=zofwarellc-20&language=en_US" ></a><img src="https://ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/ir?t=zofwarellc-20&language=en_US&l=li1&o=1&a=B01LXKKT0E" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" /> |
| [AVerMedia ExtremeCap U3](https://www.avermedia.com/us/product-detail/CV710) | no | DirectShow device |  |
| [Elgato Cam Link 4k](https://www.elgato.com/en/gaming/cam-link-4k) | yes | Up to 2160p30 or 1080p60. | <a href="https://www.amazon.com/Elgato-Cam-Link-Broadcast-Camcorder/dp/B07K3FN5MR/ref=as_li_ss_il?crid=2IS7UM8O8LRKC&keywords=elgato+camlink+4k&qid=1566536551&s=electronics&sprefix=elgato+camlink,electronics,187&sr=1-1&linkCode=li1&tag=zofwarellc-20&linkId=1564a0651391301ac03f34efd942fa4f&language=en_US" target="_blank"><img border="0" src="//ws-na.amazon-adsystem.com/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=B07K3FN5MR&Format=_SL110_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=US&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=zofwarellc-20&language=en_US" ></a><img src="https://ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/ir?t=zofwarellc-20&language=en_US&l=li1&o=1&a=B07K3FN5MR" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" /> |
| [Elgato HD60 S](https://www.elgato.com/en/gaming/game-capture-hd60-s) | no | Not a UVC device | <a href="https://www.amazon.com/Elgato-Game-Capture-HD60-PlayStation/dp/B01DRWCOGA/ref=as_li_ss_il?keywords=elgato+hd60s&qid=1566537167&s=electronics&sr=1-1&linkCode=li1&tag=zofwarellc-20&linkId=1ffb262e70a31222de6e3248fc15e2a5&language=en_US" target="_blank"><img border="0" src="//ws-na.amazon-adsystem.com/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=B01DRWCOGA&Format=_SL110_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=US&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=zofwarellc-20&language=en_US" ></a><img src="https://ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/ir?t=zofwarellc-20&language=en_US&l=li1&o=1&a=B01DRWCOGA" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" /> |
| [MiraBox HSV321](https://amzn.to/2ZmYvma) | yes | Up to 1080p60. | <a href="https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07C6KCBYB/ref=as_li_ss_il?th=1&linkCode=li2&tag=&linkId=faca02aaab73fd9705d3dea3299a18c5&language=en_US" target="_blank"><img border="0" src="//ws-na.amazon-adsystem.com/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=B07C6KCBYB&Format=_SL160_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=US&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=&language=en_US" ></a><img src="https://ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/ir?t=&language=en_US&l=li2&o=1&a=B07C6KCBYB" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" /> |
| [MiraBox HSV323](https://amzn.to/2HkKTOj) | yes | Up to 2160p30 or 1080p60. Also rebranded by [ShuOne](https://amzn.to/2HjFSW2). See [additional notes](#shuone-hsv323). | <a href="https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07MGPVX83/ref=as_li_ss_il?th=1&linkCode=li1&tag=&linkId=9f3a050d1be62f62e04f2c324b32c6ed&language=en_US" target="_blank"><img border="0" src="//ws-na.amazon-adsystem.com/widgets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=B07MGPVX83&Format=_SL110_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=US&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=&language=en_US" ></a><img src="https://ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/ir?t=&language=en_US&l=li1&o=1&a=B07MGPVX83" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" /> |

## Additional Notes

### AJA U-TAP HDMI
* This device supports a huge number of resolutions and frame rates up to 1080p60.
* It can scale video from your camera to a different resolution before sending it to your computer.
* Very reliable.

### ShuOne HSV323
* Might have problems with audio/vidio sync with cameras that output 59.94 frames per second. This might also be bug in SimpleSportsCaster but more investigation is necessary.
* In limited testing had trouble with dropped frames but, again, more investigation is necessary.

<br/>
