docs/_help/supported-video-capture-devices.md, before:

---
layout: help
title: Supported Video Capture Devices
description: ""
# subtitle: 
featured_image: /images/social.jpg
permalink: /help/capture-devices
redirect_from: /capture-devices
tag: video capture
comments: true
---

<style>
.center {
  display: block;
  margin-left: auto;
  margin-right: auto;
  width: 50%;
}
</style>

SimpleSportsCaster supports USB Video Class (UVC) web cams and capture devices. DirectShow capture devices are not supported.

Please leave a comment at the bottom of this page if you know of other devices that work (or don't work) with SimpleSportsCaster and we will update the table. Thank you! 

Note: As an Amazon Associate this web site earns from qualifying purchases.

| Device | Supported? | Notes | Buy |
|:------:|------------|-------|-----|
| [<img border="0" height="128" class="center" src="/assets/help/u-tap-hdmi.png"/><br/>AJA U-TAP HDMI](https://www.aja.com/products/u-tap-hdmi) | yes | Up to 1080p60. Great device! See [additional notes](#aja-u-tap-hdmi). | [<img title="Amazon" alt="Amazon" src="https://wms-na.amazon-adsystem.com/panda/20070822/US/img/cart.gif"/>](https://amzn.to/2r9y3x3) |
| [<img border="0" height="128" class="center" src="/assets/help/Cam_Link_4K.png"/><br/>Elgato Cam Link 4k](https://www.elgato.com/gaming/cam-link-4k) | yes | Up to 2160p30 or 1080p60. | [<img title="Amazon" alt="Amazon" src="https://wms-na.amazon-adsystem.com/panda/20070822/US/img/cart.gif"/>](https://amzn.to/2qfHvyo) |
| [<img border="0" height="128" class="center" src="/assets/help/HD60s.png"/><br/>Elgato HD60 S](https://www.elgato.com/gaming/game-capture-hd60-s) | no | Not a UVC device | |
| [<img border="0" height="128" class="center" src="/assets/help/hd60splus.png"/><br/>Elgato HD60 S+](https://www.elgato.com/gaming/game-capture-hd60-s-plus) | yes | Up to 2160p30 or 1080p60 with HDMI passthrough. | [<img title="Corsair" alt="Corsair" height="65" width="173" src="https://www.corsair.com/medias/sys_master/images/images/h3a/h83/8809701441566/corsair-logo.svg"/>](https://www.corsair.com/Categories/Products/Elgato-Gaming/Capture/Game-Capture/p/10GAR9901) |
| [<img border="0" height="128" class="center" src="/assets/help/MiraBox-HSV321.png"/><br/>MiraBox HSV321](https://amzn.to/2ZmYvma) | yes | Up to 1080p60. | [<img title="Amazon" alt="Amazon" src="https://wms-na.amazon-adsystem.com/panda/20070822/US/img/cart.gif"/>](https://amzn.to/2WE2Dua) |
| [<img border="0" height="128" class="center" src="/assets/help/MiraBox-HSV323.png"/><br/>MiraBox HSV323](https://amzn.to/2HkKTOj) | yes | Up to 2160p30 or 1080p60. Also rebranded by [ShuOne](https://amzn.to/2HjFSW2). See [additional notes](#shuone-hsv323). | [<img title="Amazon" alt="Amazon" src="https://wms-na.amazon-adsystem.com/panda/20070822/US/img/cart.gif"/>](https://amzn.to/2JNanFf) |

## Additional Notes

### AJA U-TAP HDMI
* This device supports a huge number of resolutions and frame rates up to 1080p60.
* It can scale video from your camera to a different resolution before sending it to your computer.
* Very reliable.

### ShuOne HSV323
* Might have problems with audio/vidio sync with cameras that output 59.94 frames per second. This might also be bug in SimpleSportsCaster but more investigation is necessary.
* In limited testing had trouble with dropped frames but, again, more investigation is necessary.

<br/>

Commit message:

Added a note about Sony Handycam HDMI resolution setting for Elgato capture devices.

docs/_help/supported-video-capture-devices.md, after:

---
layout: help
title: Supported Video Capture Devices
description: ""
# subtitle: 
featured_image: /images/social.jpg
permalink: /help/capture-devices
redirect_from: /capture-devices
tag: video capture
comments: true
---

<style>
.center {
  display: block;
  margin-left: auto;
  margin-right: auto;
  width: 50%;
}
</style>

SimpleSportsCaster supports USB Video Class (UVC) web cams and capture devices. DirectShow capture devices are not supported.

Please leave a comment at the bottom of this page if you know of other devices that work (or don't work) with SimpleSportsCaster and we will update the table. Thank you! 

Note: As an Amazon Associate this web site earns from qualifying purchases.

| Device | Supported? | Notes | Buy |
|:------:|------------|-------|-----|
| [<img border="0" height="128" class="center" src="/assets/help/u-tap-hdmi.png"/><br/>AJA U-TAP HDMI](https://www.aja.com/products/u-tap-hdmi) | yes | Up to 1080p60. Great device! See [additional notes](#aja-u-tap-hdmi). | [<img title="Amazon" alt="Amazon" src="https://wms-na.amazon-adsystem.com/panda/20070822/US/img/cart.gif"/>](https://amzn.to/2r9y3x3) |
| [<img border="0" height="128" class="center" src="/assets/help/Cam_Link_4K.png"/><br/>Elgato Cam Link 4k](https://www.elgato.com/gaming/cam-link-4k) | yes | Up to 2160p30 or 1080p60. See [additional notes](#elgato-camlink-4k-and-hd60-s). | [<img title="Amazon" alt="Amazon" src="https://wms-na.amazon-adsystem.com/panda/20070822/US/img/cart.gif"/>](https://amzn.to/2qfHvyo) |
| [<img border="0" height="128" class="center" src="/assets/help/HD60s.png"/><br/>Elgato HD60 S](https://www.elgato.com/gaming/game-capture-hd60-s) | no | Not a UVC device | |
| [<img border="0" height="128" class="center" src="/assets/help/hd60splus.png"/><br/>Elgato HD60 S+](https://www.elgato.com/gaming/game-capture-hd60-s-plus) | yes | Up to 2160p30 or 1080p60 with HDMI passthrough. See [additional notes](#elgato-camlink-4k-and-hd60-s). | [<img title="Corsair" alt="Corsair" height="65" width="173" src="https://www.corsair.com/medias/sys_master/images/images/h3a/h83/8809701441566/corsair-logo.svg"/>](https://www.corsair.com/Categories/Products/Elgato-Gaming/Capture/Game-Capture/p/10GAR9901) |
| [<img border="0" height="128" class="center" src="/assets/help/MiraBox-HSV321.png"/><br/>MiraBox HSV321](https://amzn.to/2ZmYvma) | yes | Up to 1080p60. | [<img title="Amazon" alt="Amazon" src="https://wms-na.amazon-adsystem.com/panda/20070822/US/img/cart.gif"/>](https://amzn.to/2WE2Dua) |
| [<img border="0" height="128" class="center" src="/assets/help/MiraBox-HSV323.png"/><br/>MiraBox HSV323](https://amzn.to/2HkKTOj) | yes | Up to 2160p30 or 1080p60. Also rebranded by [ShuOne](https://amzn.to/2HjFSW2). See [additional notes](#shuone-hsv323). | [<img title="Amazon" alt="Amazon" src="https://wms-na.amazon-adsystem.com/panda/20070822/US/img/cart.gif"/>](https://amzn.to/2JNanFf) |

## Additional Notes

### AJA U-TAP HDMI
* This device supports a huge number of resolutions and frame rates up to 1080p60.
* It can scale video from your camera to a different resolution before sending it to your computer.
* Very reliable.

### Elgato CamLink 4K and HD60 S+
If you use an Elgato capture device with with a Sony Handycam such as the HDR-CX440, you should change the Handycam's HDMI Resolution setting to either 1080p or 720p. The Auto setting seems to confuse the CamLink by making the camera output 60 frames per second when the CamLink is expecting 30. Find this setting in the Handycam menu under Setup -> Connection (double arrows) -> HDMI Resolution. 

### ShuOne HSV323
* Might have problems with audio/vidio sync with cameras that output 59.94 frames per second. This might also be bug in SimpleSportsCaster but more investigation is necessary.
* In limited testing had trouble with dropped frames but, again, more investigation is necessary.

<br/>
