---
layout: release
title: "Version 2.286.0.0"
description: "SimpleSportsCaster Version 2.286.0.0"
date: "2020-10-29 12:00:00 -0700"
author: AdamZofware
version: 1.0.0
comments: true
image: /images/social.jpg
featured_image: /images/social.jpg
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

### [Version 2.286.0.0 (October 29, 2020)]({{page.url}})
* Saving 4K/2160p60 videos now works on Nvidia GPUs.
* Add a Stats tab for viewing various game statistics in a tabular format.
* Lacrosse: add shot on goal button and basic stats display
* Add button to set start date/time of imported videos.
* Suggest more meaningful default file names for recordings and exported timelines.
* Prevent certain keys that are used by Windows from being bound as shortcuts.

<!--more-->

#### Known Issues
* On Windows versions prior to May 2020 (build 19041 aka 2004), pure black pixels in logo images may become transparent. To avoid this, either upgrade to the latest version of Windows or avoid using pure black in your team logos. For example, use #010101 instead.
* The SVG support in Windows isn't always perfect. If your SVG file doesn't show up after you import it, then you might be able to get it to work by making a few simple edits to the SVG file in Notepad or another text editor. For example, look near the top of the file to see if the `svg` tag uses the `width` and `height` properties. If it does, then try removing them and see if the file imports successfully.
* The scoreboard and game clock don't redraw while SimpleSportsCaster is minimized. Game time still advances normally but it just doesn't show on the screen until SimpleSportsCaster is restored from the minimized state.
