---
layout: release
title: "Version 2.278.0.0"
description: "SimpleSportsCaster Version 2.278.0.0"
date: "2020-10-20 12:00:00 -0700"
author: AdamZofware
version: 1.0.0
comments: true
image: /images/social.jpg
featured_image: /images/social.jpg
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

### [Version 2.278.0.0 (October 20, 2020)]({{page.url}})
* Prevent text and text backgrounds that are pure black (#000000) from becoming transparent on Windows builds prior to May 2020 (19041 aka 2004). This does not apply to pure black pixels in logo images that you import. Those pure black pixels will still become transparent on old Windows versions. To avoid this, either upgrade to the latest version of Windows or avoid using pure black in your team logos. For example instead of using #000000, use #010101 instead.

<!--more-->

#### Known Issues
* On Windows versions prior to May 2020 (build 19041 aka 2004), pure black pixels in logo images may become transparent. To avoid this, either upgrade to the latest version of Windows or avoid using pure black in your team logos. For example instead of using #000000, use #010101 instead.
* On computers with an Nvidia GPU, transcoding to AVC (H.264) at UHD 2160p (3840x2160) doesn't work above 30 frames per second. HEVC (H.265) does work, however.
* The SVG support in Windows isn't always perfect. If your SVG file doesn't show up after you import it, then you might be able to get it to work by making a few simple edits to the SVG file in Notepad or another text editor. For example, look near the top of the file to see if the `svg` tag uses the `width` and `height` properties. If it does, then try removing them and see if the file imports successfully.
* The scoreboard and game clock don't redraw while SimpleSportsCaster is minimized. Game time still advances normally but it just doesn't show on the screen until SimpleSportsCaster is restored from the minimized state.
