---
layout: release
title: "Version 2.338.0.0"
description: "SimpleSportsCaster Version 2.338.0.0"
date: "2021-03-17 09:00:00 -0800"
author: AdamZofware
version: 1.0.0
comments: true
image: /images/social.jpg
featured_image: /images/social.jpg
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

### [Version 2.338.0.0 (March 17, 2021)]({{page.url}})

* Allow resuming an interrupted YouTube broadcast. If your stream drops in the middle of a game, you can restart it and you'll be given the option of continuing the original YouTube broadcast (new behavior) or starting a new broadcast (old behavior). Also, when you stop streaming, you'll be asked if you want to end the broadcast (old behavior) or pause the broadcast so you can resume it again (new behavior).
* Use a more reliable way to regulate stream encoder bit rate to match network throughput.
* Fix a crash when double-tapping on shortcut to edit.
* Remove duplicate sentences from some error messages.
* Fix "The parameter is incorrect" error when starting a live stream.

<!--more-->

#### Known Issues

* When you resume a previously interrupted broadcast, the video timestamps added to the YouTube video description restart from zero. This will be fixed in a future release.
* Certain apps like Zoom and OBS can "steal" the camera from SimpleSportsCaster so be careful that you don't launch other apps that might use your camera while you're in the middle of a live stream or a recording. If this happens, your live stream will go black and your recording will stop.
* On Windows versions prior to May 2020 (build 19041 aka 2004), pure black pixels in logo images may become transparent. To avoid this, either upgrade to the latest version of Windows or avoid using pure black in your team logos. For example, use #010101 instead.
* The SVG support in Windows isn't always perfect. If your SVG file doesn't show up after you import it, then you might be able to get it to work by making a few simple edits to the SVG file in Notepad or another text editor. For example, look near the top of the file to see if the `svg` tag uses the `width` and `height` properties. If it does, then try removing them and see if the file imports successfully.
* The scoreboard and game clock don't redraw while SimpleSportsCaster is minimized. Game time still advances normally but it just doesn't show on the screen until SimpleSportsCaster is restored from the minimized state.
