---
layout: release
title: "Version 2.422.0.0"
description: "SimpleSportsCaster Version 2.422.0.0"
date: "2021-10-13 09:00:00 -0800"
author: AdamZofware
version: 1.0.0
comments: true
image: /images/social.jpg
featured_image: /images/social.jpg
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

### [Version 2.422.0.0 (October 13, 2021)]({{page.url}})

* Add alerts to the small scoreboard for foul, handball, offside, corner kick, penalty kick, and own goal in addition to the existing alerts for yellow card, red card and substitution. Any of these alerts can be disabled by using the switches in the alerts section on the style settings page.
* Improve the Undo panel at the bottom of the game page to show a configurable number of the most recent events. Tap an event to open a menu that allows you to delete it if necessary.

<!--more-->

* Scale the drop-down menu items on the game page to match the size of the buttons.
* Make it easier to use SSC on two computers using the same database and previously recorded video files from a shared folder. Once you point SSC to the shared folder on the second computer, it should remember that location and use it when opening any other video in that folder.
* Query for ten upcoming YouTube broadcasts (up from five).
* Add help buttons to all the "Choose a game" controls on the start page.
* Add a page with controls for saving and loading all app settings.
* Reorder settings tabs alphabetically.
* Fix some bugs in the hit detection logic of the tap-to-hide UI feature.
* Fix a bug that prevented loading databases with leading or trailing spaces in the name.
* Show the pixel format in use by the preview, recording, and streaming overlays on the video settings page.
* Fix a bug preventing keyboard shortcuts from working before switching to the game page.

#### Known Issues

* Certain apps like Zoom and OBS can "steal" the camera from SimpleSportsCaster so be careful that you don't launch other apps that might use your camera while you're in the middle of a live stream or a recording. If this happens, your live stream will go black and your recording will stop.
* On Windows versions prior to May 2020 (build 19041 aka 2004), pure black pixels in logo images may become transparent. To avoid this, either upgrade to the latest version of Windows or avoid using pure black in your team logos. For example, use #010101 instead.
* The SVG support in Windows isn't always perfect. If your SVG file doesn't show up after you import it, then you might be able to get it to work by making a few simple edits to the SVG file in Notepad or another text editor. For example, look near the top of the file to see if the `svg` tag uses the `width` and `height` properties. If it does, then try removing them and see if the file imports successfully.
* The scoreboard and game clock don't redraw while SimpleSportsCaster is minimized. Game time still advances normally but it just doesn't show on the screen until SimpleSportsCaster is restored from the minimized state.
