---
layout: release
title: "Version 2.361.0.0"
description: "SimpleSportsCaster Version 2.361.0.0"
date: "2021-05-11 09:00:00 -0800"
author: AdamZofware
version: 1.0.0
comments: true
image: /images/social.jpg
featured_image: /images/social.jpg
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

### [Version 2.361.0.0 (May 11, 2021)]({{page.url}})

* Add mute and volume control for the microphone input.
* Show elapsed and estimated remaining time while rerecording a previously recorded video.
* Fix issues related to transcoding previously recorded videos.
  * Sometimes the scoreboard would stop updating after saving was finished.
  * Sometimes the first few frames of the transcoded video would show the wrong scoreboard state or size.
  * Sometimes after transcoding a video the scoreboard would be stuck at the wrong size.
  * Sometimes unexpected animations would play during the first second of the transcoded video.
* Fix a bug in exported timeline timestamp calculation for streams that were interrupted and resumed.

<!--more-->

#### Known Issues

* Certain apps like Zoom and OBS can "steal" the camera from SimpleSportsCaster so be careful that you don't launch other apps that might use your camera while you're in the middle of a live stream or a recording. If this happens, your live stream will go black and your recording will stop.
* On Windows versions prior to May 2020 (build 19041 aka 2004), pure black pixels in logo images may become transparent. To avoid this, either upgrade to the latest version of Windows or avoid using pure black in your team logos. For example, use #010101 instead.
* The SVG support in Windows isn't always perfect. If your SVG file doesn't show up after you import it, then you might be able to get it to work by making a few simple edits to the SVG file in Notepad or another text editor. For example, look near the top of the file to see if the `svg` tag uses the `width` and `height` properties. If it does, then try removing them and see if the file imports successfully.
* The scoreboard and game clock don't redraw while SimpleSportsCaster is minimized. Game time still advances normally but it just doesn't show on the screen until SimpleSportsCaster is restored from the minimized state.
