---
layout: release
title: "Version 2.574.0.0"
description: "SimpleSportsCaster Version 2.574.0.0"
date: "2023-12-03 00:00:01 -0800"
author: AdamZofware
version: 1.0.0
comments: true
image: /images/social.jpg
featured_image: /images/social.jpg
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

### [Version 2.574.0.0 (December 3, 2023)]({{page.url}})

* Improve handling of expired YouTube refresh tokens.
* Fix reporting of HEVC video width/height.
* Show a warning icon if video save would change resolution or frame rate.
* Schedule future YouTube broadcasts.
* Automatically choose the matching scheduled broadcast when opening a game.
* Speed up transcoding by avoiding unnecessary video pixel format changes.
* Change battery status color according to remaining charge.
* Add opponent column to CSV export.
* Fix some cases where the video output was all green.
* Export text with UTF-8 encoding to preserve diacritic marks and other special characters.
* Add keeper shut out stat.
* Reduce CPU usage during playback from 40% to 2% on Intel integrated GPUs with Quick Sync.
* Improve the algorithm that keeps the YouTube chapter count <=100.
* Allow "auto" broadcasts to be added to a playlist.
* Options to add date prefix and "(Live Stream)" suffix to live stream titles.
* Fix shootout dot display bugs.
* Show shootout score tally on large scoreboard.

<!--more-->

#### Known Issues

* Certain apps like Zoom and OBS can "steal" the camera from SimpleSportsCaster so be careful that you don't launch other apps that might use your camera while you're in the middle of a live stream or a recording. If this happens, your live stream will go black and your recording will stop.
* On Windows versions prior to May 2020 (build 19041 aka 2004), pure black pixels in logo images may become transparent. To avoid this, either upgrade to the latest version of Windows or avoid using pure black in your team logos. For example, use #010101 instead.
* The SVG support in Windows isn't always perfect. If your SVG file doesn't show up after you import it, then you might be able to get it to work by making a few simple edits to the SVG file in Notepad or another text editor. For example, look near the top of the file to see if the `svg` tag uses the `width` and `height` properties. If it does, then try removing them and see if the file imports successfully.
* The scoreboard and game clock don't redraw while SimpleSportsCaster is minimized. Game time still advances normally but it just doesn't show on the screen until SimpleSportsCaster is restored from the minimized state.
