docs/_pages/privacypolicy.md, before:

---
title: Zofware LLC Privacy Policy
description: SimpleSportsCaster - Stream and record your games with a live scoreboard.
subtitle: Last Updated May 21, 2019
featured_image: /images/social.jpg
---

Welcome! This Privacy Policy explains how Zofware LLC ("**we**," "**us**," or "**our**") collects and uses your information while you use the SimpleSportsCaster mobile and tablet application ("**SimpleSportsCaster**") and the official SimpleSportsCaster website located at [www.simplesportscaster.com](http://www.simplesportscaster.com) (the "**Website**"), and all features and functionalities associated with SimpleSportsCaster and the Website (altogether, the "**Zofware Services**").  

We hope that this Privacy Policy helps you understand how your information is collected and used while you use the Zofware Services. If you still have any questions, feel free to contact us at:

Zofware LLC<br/>
2311 N 45th St, PMB 195, Seattle, WA 98103<br/>
<privacy@simplesportscaster.com>

### 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT.

In general, we collect information that falls into one of the three following categories: information that you directly give to us, information that we receive from third parties, and information that we automatically get when you use the Zofware Services. For more information, please see below: 

#### A. Information you give to us.

There are a few areas throughout the Zofware Services where you have the option to directly provide us with information about yourself, and we will collect and use that information for the purpose that you provided it to us. For example, if you decide to contact us via email or via a contact form on the Website, then we will collect and use your email address to answer your comments and questions.

#### B. Information we receive from third parties.

The Zofware Services are integrated with the YouTube platform to allow our users to connect their YouTube accounts directly to SimpleSportsCaster and then livestream non-professional soccer games on their YouTube channels. If you decide to link your YouTube account to SimpleSportsCaster, you will need to sign in to the Google account associated with your YouTube account and we will receive the following information from your YouTube profile: your account name, first and last name, language preferences, and your profile picture if you have one ("**YouTube Data**"). After you log into your Google account for the first time, we will then collect and store a refresh token on your device to keep you automatically logged into your YouTube account.

If you do not want us to receive YouTube Data, you may still livestream a game on your YouTube channel by manually entering in your YouTube URL in the SimpleSportsCaster settings page. For more information on how to use SimpleSportsCaster to livestream a game through your YouTube channel, please review the instructions on the Website.

#### C. Information we automatically get when you use the Zofware Services.

Like many online services, we automatically collect certain types of information to help us operate, maintain, and improve the Zofware Services (for more details on this, please review Section 2). This type of information is technical information and does not personally identify you as an individual.

For example, we collect information about the type of device you?re using to access the Zofware Services (e.g. operating system type and version, browser type and version, language and time settings, IP address, and your ISP or mobile carrier) ("**Device Information**"). We also collect log information when you use the Zofware Services, which includes information about your access dates and times, the amount of time you spend on the Zofware Services, the pages you viewed, and the website that you referred you to the Zofware Services ("**Log Information**").

### 2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.

We use your information to operate, maintain, and improve the Zofware Services. For example, linking your YouTube account to SimpleSportsCaster, as described in Section 1, will require us to receive the YouTube Data. We also use Device Information and Log Information to monitor and understand how users interact with the Zofware Services, analyze trends in how users use the Zofware Services, develop and test new features, and to diagnose and fix errors and crashes that may occur while you use the Zofware Services. To help us perform some of these functions, we'll additionally share information with our third-party service providers, which you can read more about in Section 3 below.

### 3. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES.

We will only share your information in the following ways:

#### A. With third-party service providers. 

Like many businesses, we use tools and services from third-party service providers to help us with different parts of our business, and depending on the service we need, these service providers may have access to your information. For example, we use tools from a service provider to help us conduct analytics and diagnostics as described in Section 2 above. We contractually require all service providers to use your information only for the services we need.

#### B. For business transfers.

As we continue to develop our business, we may reorganize as a business entity, acquire entities, subsidiaries, or business units, or enter into joint ventures with third-parties. In any of these types of transactions, any information you provide to us may be one of the transferred business assets (subject to any pre-existing privacy notice unless you consent otherwise). If all or substantially all of our assets are acquired, or if we merge with a third-party, your information will likely be one of the transferred assets. You understand and agree that we reserve the right to transfer any information collected from you in the case of any such transfer.

#### C. For legal reasons.

We may disclose information you provide to respond to subpoenas, court orders, requests from authorities, and other legal process, and to establish/exercise our legal rights. We may also disclose your information to defend against legal claims when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. We may share your information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our [Terms of Use](http://www.simplesportscaster.com/termsofuse), or as otherwise required by law.

### 4. COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES.

#### A. What are cookies?

A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer by a website that you visit. Most commonly, websites use cookies to identify website visitors, remember visitors' preferences, and to keep visitors logged into their accounts while they navigate a website. Cookies are either first-party cookies, which belong to the domain of the website you're visiting, or third-party cookies, which are set by and belong to a different domain than the one that you're currently visiting. A cookie may also be a session cookie, which is erased when you close your browser, or a persistent cookie, which remains on your browser until it expires or until you erase them. 

Web beacons, pixel tags, local shared objects, flash cookies, and tracking URLs are examples of other similar technologies that are used to identify and track an individual's online activities. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, we will collectively refer to cookies and all other similar technologies as "cookies."

#### B. What we use cookies for.

In general, we, and service providers acting on our behalf, use cookies to operate, maintain, and improve the Zofware Services. For example, the Website sets analytics cookies belonging to our service providers to collect Device Information and Log Information for analytics and diagnostics purposes. As discussed later in this Privacy Policy, some parts of the Zofware Services may be integrated with Third-Party Services (defined in Section 6), and the third party operating such service will set functional cookies on your browser to enable performance and functionality of its services.

#### C. Your control over cookies.

Most browsers will automatically accept cookies as a default setting, but you can control how cookies are used by updating your browser settings. If you choose to decline some cookies, the Website and its features may not function properly. In some cases, a third party may also give you the ability to opt-out of certain cooking cookies. Please review the third party's privacy policy and/or cookie policy for more information. 

### 5. HOW LONG WE RETAIN INFORMATION. 

Because we use information to operate, maintain, and develop the Zofware Services and to protect our business and legal interests, we retain the information collected under this Privacy Policy for as long as you use the Zofware Services or until you request deletion as described in Section 5 below. However, we may retain information in backup copies for a limited amount of time or as required by law.

### 6. THIRD-PARTY SOCIAL NETWORKS AND COMMUNICATIONS PLATFORMS.

Some parts of the Zofware Services allow you to connect to third-party social networks or other communication platforms to share User Content (as defined in the Terms of Use) ("**Third-Party Services**"). If you use such Third-Party Service, this means you have a direct contractual relationship with such third party and in most cases, we do not control how the third party collects and uses your information. We suggest all users to review the privacy policies applying to such Third-Party Services to understand how your information is collected and used. You will also need to contact the Third-Party Service directly if you wish to update the information that you provided via the Third-Party Service.

By way of example, the Website uses plugins provided by Disqus Inc. to allow users to log into their Disqus account and post public comments to blog articles on the Website. All comments posted under your Disqus account, and all other information associated with your Disqus account, are stored on Disqus' servers, and we do not have any control over such information. For information about Disqus' data collection practices, please review their privacy policy: [https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-privacy-policy](https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-privacy-policy). 


### 7. YOUR CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION.

If you linked your YouTube account with SimpleSportsCaster as described in Section 1, you are free to remove your YouTube account at any time by going to the SimpleSportsCaster settings and we will delete your YouTube Data.  To delete or update any information that you directly gave to us under Section 1(A), please contact us at <privacy@simplesportscaster.com>. 

### 8. CHILDREN. 

The Zofware Services are not intended for children under the age of the 13 and we do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. Please contact us at <privacy@simplesportscaster.com> if you believe we have collected information from a child and we will delete that information.

### 9. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. 

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we'll notify you by revising the date at the top of this Privacy Policy. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice by displaying an in-app notification in SimpleSportsCaster and/or sending you an email if we have your email address on file.

Commit message:

Add links to YouTube API Services, YouTube Privacy Policy, and Google security settings.

docs/_pages/privacypolicy.md, after:

---
title: Zofware LLC Privacy Policy
description: SimpleSportsCaster - Stream and record your games with a live scoreboard.
subtitle: Last Updated April 6, 2021
featured_image: /images/social.jpg
---

Welcome! This Privacy Policy explains how Zofware LLC ("**we**," "**us**," or "**our**") collects and uses your information while you use the SimpleSportsCaster mobile and tablet application ("**SimpleSportsCaster**") and the official SimpleSportsCaster website located at [www.simplesportscaster.com](http://www.simplesportscaster.com) (the "**Website**"), and all features and functionalities associated with SimpleSportsCaster and the Website (altogether, the "**Zofware Services**").  

We hope that this Privacy Policy helps you understand how your information is collected and used while you use the Zofware Services. If you still have any questions, feel free to contact us at:

Zofware LLC<br/>
2311 N 45th St, PMB 195, Seattle, WA 98103<br/>
<privacy@simplesportscaster.com>

### 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT.

In general, we collect information that falls into one of the three following categories: information that you directly give to us, information that we receive from third parties, and information that we automatically get when you use the Zofware Services. For more information, please see below: 

#### A. Information you give to us.

There are a few areas throughout the Zofware Services where you have the option to directly provide us with information about yourself, and we will collect and use that information for the purpose that you provided it to us. For example, if you decide to contact us via email or via a contact form on the Website, then we will collect and use your email address to answer your comments and questions.

#### B. Information we receive from third parties.

The Zofware Services use [YouTube API Services](https://developers.google.com/youtube/terms/developer-policies#definition-youtube-api-services) to allow our users to connect their YouTube accounts directly to SimpleSportsCaster and then livestream non-professional soccer games on their YouTube channels. If you decide to link your YouTube account to SimpleSportsCaster, you will need to sign in to the Google account associated with your YouTube account and we will receive the following information from your YouTube profile: your account name, first and last name, language preferences, and your profile picture if you have one ("**YouTube Data**"). After you log into your Google account for the first time, we will then collect and store a refresh token on your device to keep you automatically logged into your YouTube account. Please refer to the [YouTube Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy) for more information.

If you do not want us to receive YouTube Data, you may still livestream a game on your YouTube channel by manually entering in your YouTube URL in the SimpleSportsCaster settings page. For more information on how to use SimpleSportsCaster to livestream a game through your YouTube channel, please review the instructions on the Website.

#### C. Information we automatically get when you use the Zofware Services.

Like many online services, we automatically collect certain types of information to help us operate, maintain, and improve the Zofware Services (for more details on this, please review Section 2). This type of information is technical information and does not personally identify you as an individual.

For example, we collect information about the type of device you?re using to access the Zofware Services (e.g. operating system type and version, browser type and version, language and time settings, IP address, and your ISP or mobile carrier) ("**Device Information**"). We also collect log information when you use the Zofware Services, which includes information about your access dates and times, the amount of time you spend on the Zofware Services, the pages you viewed, and the website that you referred you to the Zofware Services ("**Log Information**").

### 2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.

We use your information to operate, maintain, and improve the Zofware Services. For example, linking your YouTube account to SimpleSportsCaster, as described in Section 1, will require us to receive the YouTube Data. We also use Device Information and Log Information to monitor and understand how users interact with the Zofware Services, analyze trends in how users use the Zofware Services, develop and test new features, and to diagnose and fix errors and crashes that may occur while you use the Zofware Services. To help us perform some of these functions, we'll additionally share information with our third-party service providers, which you can read more about in Section 3 below.

### 3. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES.

We will only share your information in the following ways:

#### A. With third-party service providers.

Like many businesses, we use tools and services from third-party service providers to help us with different parts of our business, and depending on the service we need, these service providers may have access to your information. For example, we use tools from a service provider to help us conduct analytics and diagnostics as described in Section 2 above. We contractually require all service providers to use your information only for the services we need.

#### B. For business transfers.

As we continue to develop our business, we may reorganize as a business entity, acquire entities, subsidiaries, or business units, or enter into joint ventures with third-parties. In any of these types of transactions, any information you provide to us may be one of the transferred business assets (subject to any pre-existing privacy notice unless you consent otherwise). If all or substantially all of our assets are acquired, or if we merge with a third-party, your information will likely be one of the transferred assets. You understand and agree that we reserve the right to transfer any information collected from you in the case of any such transfer.

#### C. For legal reasons.

We may disclose information you provide to respond to subpoenas, court orders, requests from authorities, and other legal process, and to establish/exercise our legal rights. We may also disclose your information to defend against legal claims when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. We may share your information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our [Terms of Use](http://www.simplesportscaster.com/termsofuse), or as otherwise required by law.

### 4. COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES.

#### A. What are cookies?

A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer by a website that you visit. Most commonly, websites use cookies to identify website visitors, remember visitors' preferences, and to keep visitors logged into their accounts while they navigate a website. Cookies are either first-party cookies, which belong to the domain of the website you're visiting, or third-party cookies, which are set by and belong to a different domain than the one that you're currently visiting. A cookie may also be a session cookie, which is erased when you close your browser, or a persistent cookie, which remains on your browser until it expires or until you erase them. 

Web beacons, pixel tags, local shared objects, flash cookies, and tracking URLs are examples of other similar technologies that are used to identify and track an individual's online activities. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, we will collectively refer to cookies and all other similar technologies as "cookies."

#### B. What we use cookies for.

In general, we, and service providers acting on our behalf, use cookies to operate, maintain, and improve the Zofware Services. For example, the Website sets analytics cookies belonging to our service providers to collect Device Information and Log Information for analytics and diagnostics purposes. As discussed later in this Privacy Policy, some parts of the Zofware Services may be integrated with Third-Party Services (defined in Section 6), and the third party operating such service will set functional cookies on your browser to enable performance and functionality of its services.

#### C. Your control over cookies.

Most browsers will automatically accept cookies as a default setting, but you can control how cookies are used by updating your browser settings. If you choose to decline some cookies, the Website and its features may not function properly. In some cases, a third party may also give you the ability to opt-out of certain cooking cookies. Please review the third party's privacy policy and/or cookie policy for more information. 

### 5. HOW LONG WE RETAIN INFORMATION. 

Because we use information to operate, maintain, and develop the Zofware Services and to protect our business and legal interests, we retain the information collected under this Privacy Policy for as long as you use the Zofware Services or until you request deletion as described in Section 5 below. However, we may retain information in backup copies for a limited amount of time or as required by law.

### 6. THIRD-PARTY SOCIAL NETWORKS AND COMMUNICATIONS PLATFORMS.

Some parts of the Zofware Services allow you to connect to third-party social networks or other communication platforms to share User Content (as defined in the Terms of Use) ("**Third-Party Services**"). If you use such Third-Party Service, this means you have a direct contractual relationship with such third party and in most cases, we do not control how the third party collects and uses your information. We suggest all users to review the privacy policies applying to such Third-Party Services to understand how your information is collected and used. You will also need to contact the Third-Party Service directly if you wish to update the information that you provided via the Third-Party Service.

By way of example, the Website uses plugins provided by Disqus Inc. to allow users to log into their Disqus account and post public comments to blog articles on the Website. All comments posted under your Disqus account, and all other information associated with your Disqus account, are stored on Disqus' servers, and we do not have any control over such information. For information about Disqus' data collection practices, please review their privacy policy: [https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-privacy-policy](https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-privacy-policy). 

### 7. YOUR CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION.

If you linked your YouTube account with SimpleSportsCaster as described in Section 1, you are free to remove your YouTube account at any time by using the SimpleSportsCaster settings to remove your account and we will delete your YouTube Data. You may also revoke SimpleSportsCaster's access to your data via the [Google security settings](https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions) page. To delete or update any information that you directly gave to us under Section 1(A), please contact us at <privacy@simplesportscaster.com>. 

### 8. CHILDREN. 

The Zofware Services are not intended for children under the age of the 13 and we do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. Please contact us at <privacy@simplesportscaster.com> if you believe we have collected information from a child and we will delete that information.

### 9. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. 

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we'll notify you by revising the date at the top of this Privacy Policy. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice by displaying an in-app notification in SimpleSportsCaster and/or sending you an email if we have your email address on file.
